[Music]
hey what's up guys this is Lima wiggle
on your overwatch back with a new video
today I want to talk about some
abilities that people use wrong or don't
optimize in their games of overwatch of
course nearly two years in we're always
looking now at the things that we can
improve on the my new details that make
a big difference in the long run so
today I have a list of things for you
guys if there's anything you think
people use wrong feel free to let us
know in the comment section down below
so the first ability I want to talk
about is soldiers biotic field and
you're probably thinking that's a bit of
a weird one for a DPS and that's kind of
the point I wanted to make why otic
field actually does 204 healing over
five seconds on a five meter area of
effect it's incredibly good at healing a
big bulk of your team but unfortunately
what happens in a lot of games and I am
definitely guilty of this myself is a
soldier will take some damage early on
in a fight and just drop biotic field to
heal himself well in fact you got to
think you've probably got a healer at
least 2-1 in matchmaking right and that
healer is going to heal you just after
you take that damage so in a lot of
cases you want other people to heal you
and you save your biotic field for when
a bulk of your team need healing or
because soldiers such a bad Klein
character it's actually very good to use
his healing on a friendly Zenyatta or
anna that you have at the back there
with you that way if anything dives you
you just heal through it and you can
wreck it quite easily especially if you
have discord or down to it's an
incredibly versatile ability and
sometimes it's quite painful seeing
someone drop it just on themselves
sometimes even pro players have run
soldier in the support slot and used his
healing for bulk healing where they can
of course context always matters with
this kind of stuff but I hope this made
you think of some ways that you could
use it in your games moving on I have
one that's near and dear to me and I've
mentioned it before but I feel like it
needs to be said again
Moira's biotic orb is a very good source
of heat
and damage but one thing that I see
happen way too often he's either a Moira
thrower damage or about early in the
fight so that when it breaks she doesn't
have it to heal or she just doesn't ever
use the healing or whatsoever you do
have to bear in mind that this orb does
200 damage or 300 healings so it's 50%
more effective in the healing Department
and generally where you want to run
Moira is incomes where you need mass
healing so when your tanks walk out in
front of you you're gonna want to make
sure you can throw and all about them to
get the mass healing that way it's way
easier to manage your primary healing
fire and also regain that as well it's a
really good way to roll off the
abilities and make sure that your
healing keeps going on and on now if you
end up running Moira in some kind of
weird dive comp or a comm that doesn't
require as much healing because maybe
you have self healing like soldier
Roadhog and may then using the damaged
orb of course is very good but I can't
explain how many times I've seen in my
games where people need healing
Moira's out of resource and she just
goes off to throw damaged orbs at
somebody don't underestimate how good
the healing is it's really one of the
best in the game next up is IRISA holt
ability I think a lot of people don't
realize that this is a very strong
ability with an incredibly strong stun
that really pulls someone into position
and locks in their mobility for a second
or so but oftentimes what you'll see in
matchmaking is people throwing out this
orb to kind of crowd control them and
put them somewhere but they never really
think about where they're trying to put
them with this ability so here's some
examples one thing is really good at is
to pull in a Winston that's trying to
jump away the same goes for Genji or do
this them pesky characters that are
really annoying in the backline whole
can be used to stun them into position
and your team follow up on that damage
also sometimes you'll see an erisa throw
out a hallway too early when five
seconds later you need it to pull a
Bastion off the car
sometimes that ability especially versus
a Bastion comp
the counter for your team if you pull
that damage off the car
it doesn't receive healing from the cart
and then you can follow up on that
damage with your team Holt isn't an
ability that's actually used incorrectly
so much just I think completely
misunderstood actually she is one of the
newer heroes in the game although she's
been out for a while and I'd love to see
more use of that ability in terms of
pulling people off the high ground and
stunning them in position because when
you get that down it's incredibly
powerful now we have defense matrix I'm
not gonna talk about this forever
because I think we've made it abundantly
clear that this ability is misused all
the time one thing I just want to say
about it though is make sure you're
using it to catch relevant damage
unfortunately it's not like a Reinhardt
barrier anymore old defence matrix used
to be there all the time and you could
just hold it down a block all the damage
in the world now you have to use defense
matrix to protect your team and yourself
at optimal times only if your Winston
dives in and you fly up with them you
can use it to block the damage on the
Winston so that he can get all of his
damage out the strongest misuse I see of
it is people using it to get to an
objective or get to fight something at
that point is actually too late Frieda
did a very good video on this channel
explaining why good tanks don't need
healing or at least anywhere near as
much healing as they seem to need to in
ranked this is because diva is not a
face tank diva needs to be getting to
the point by using her movement and map
geometry and then use in defense matrix
in the face of things also don't forget
how powerful defense matrix is for
peeling for your teammates actually
staying in the backline and not using
diva as a frontline tank is also
extremely strong especially when there's
a tracer in the backline trying to stick
your team if you can time defense matrix
to defend your team you're gonna have a
much better time than trying to just fly
everyone and be a damage tank next up I
think we might have the most underrated
Altima in the entire game and that is
Winston's primal rage this is an
incredibly strong ability and you will
see this when you watch any Pro Winston
especially the best ones where they can
utilize it to do all kinds of different
things we all know you can stall out the
objective but a lot of the time that's
about the furthest extent that I think I
see it used you can use this ability to
juggle people whether they have an
ultimate or not is your choice but if a
soldier sites in or again Jie is leading
you can actually use your mobility and
your damage to put someone up against a
corner and then every time you jump you
do jump damage when you land and every
time you're flailing your fists around
you do a lot of damage now it isn't
quite like Winston has dragonblade but
it is a cheap man's version and it will
do the job and it's very easy to burst
down someone actually if you put them in
the right place and it and speaking of
putting someone in the right place
there's a real skill in this ultimate to
just getting a key target out of the way
maybe you won't kill them but if you're
smack in the enemy Rinehart around or
another tank then the squishies are
going to be a lot more susceptible to
damage from your team this abilities of
course also used to stay alive against
big chunky Ultimates like Road hogs or
divas even and also to get back to a
point when you're about to lose the game
or you need to stall it out it's a very
versatile ability and again like a wrist
as I think is underutilized just because
people don't even know the stuff you can
do with it so make sure you try and use
this ability to get an enemy ultimate
away from your team or to juggle a hero
somewhere out of the way that's causing
you problems last up we have mercy
Valkyrie and IRISA ultimate also comes
the Bongo into this argument but that's
for the same reason and that is actually
the time that you use this ability
because Mercy's Valcke even though she's
been nerfed loads is still one of the
best abilities in the entire game and
mercy is still one of the best heroes in
the entire game when utilized in the
right comp and what people do with
Valkyrie a lot of the time is they pop
their ultimate too late when they've
already lost a teammate or they pop it
so early
your team can't use that damage check
Herry through the fight also when in
vogue remember that it's a lot easier to
get that mid fight res which is still
incredibly powerful you have to make
sure you use both of these Ultimates
Bongo and Valcke at the break of a
teamfight or when an enemy is
overextended say their tank is a little
bit too close to you you can pop either
of these two Ultimates to use the damage
to burst through the enemy tank when
that happens you can push forward
because the enemy team can't push into
you with Bongo or damage boost from
Valcke because there's just too much
damage coming their way so if you get
someone that's either out of position or
you use it on the break of the fight at
the right time you will see a lot more
success with both of these abilities so
guys that's just about everything let us
know what you think in the comment
section down below be sure to drop a
like because it does help us out and
lets us know that you're enjoying the
content and you're going to want to hit
that Bell icon so that you get notified
when our videos go live you have a great
day as always take care of these people
[Music]
